nfc: Add annotation about debug messages (#8103)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

NFC samples
-----------

> * Added a note to the documentation of each NFC sample about debug message configuration with the NFCT driver from :ref:`nrfx:index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a note to the documentation of each NFC sample about debug message configuration with the NFCT driver from the  `nrfx`_ repository.
```

Author: Fixed.
